Refactor header module documentation (#399)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/cloud-edge/modules/_http_header_templates.mdx

|                           |                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `${.basic_auth.decision}` | `allow` if the request successfully authenticated via the Basic Auth module, `block` otherwise.               |
| `${.basic_auth.username}` | If the request successfully authenticated via the Basic Auth module, this is the username that authenticated. |

#### Circuit Breaker Variables {#circuit-breaker}

These variables are only available when using the Circuit Breaker module.

|                                |                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `${.circuit_breaker.decision}` | Whether the HTTP request was sent to the upstream service. `allow` if the breaker was closed, `block` if the breaker was open, 'allow_while_open' if the request was allowed while the breaker is open. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${.circuit_breaker.decision}` | Whether the HTTP request was sent to the upstream service. `allow` if the breaker was closed, `block` if the breaker was open, `allow_while_open` if the request was allowed while the breaker is open. |
```

#### Compression Variables {#compression}

These variables are only populated when using the Compression module.

|                               |                                                                                                            |
| ----------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `${.compression.algorithm}`   | The compression algorithm used to encode responses from the endpoint. Either 'gzip', 'deflate', or 'none'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${.compression.algorithm}`   | The compression algorithm used to encode responses from the endpoint. Either `gzip`, `deflate`, or `none`. |
```

| `${.conn.server_port}` | The port that the connection for this request came in on.                                       |
| `${.conn.start_ts}`    | The timestamp when the TCP connection to the ngrok edge is established.                         |

### Geo IP Template Variables {#ngrok-geo}

> This data is provided by [MaxMind GeoIP](https://www.maxmind.com/en/home).

Reviewer: any specific reason to remove this line? i know we've been asked about where this data comes from in the past.

| `${.http.request.version}`      | The HTTP version used in the request.                                       |
| `${.http.response.status_code}` | The status code of the response returned by the ngrok edge.                 |

#### IP Restrictions Variables {#ip-restrictions}

These variables are only populated when using the IP Restrictions module.

|                               |                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `${.ip_policy.decision}`      | 'allow' if IP Policy module permitted the request to the upstream service, 'block' otherwise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${.ip_policy.decision}`      | `allow` if IP Policy module permitted the request to the upstream service, `block` otherwise. |
```

| `${.ip_policy.matching_rule}` | The rule that triggered an IP Policy match on the endpoint.                                   |

#### ngrok Variables {#ngrok-variables}

|                        |                                                  |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| `${.ngrok.client_ip}`  | This is the original client IP of the request.   |

> | `${.ngrok.request_id}` | This is the unique request Id generated by ngrok |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${.ngrok.request_id}` | This is the unique request ID generated by ngrok |
```

| `${.http.request.version}`      | The HTTP version used in the request.                                       |
| `${.http.response.status_code}` | The status code of the response returned by the ngrok edge.                 |

#### IP Restrictions Variables {#ip-restrictions}

These variables are only populated when using the IP Restrictions module.

|                               |                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `${.ip_policy.decision}`      | `allow` if IP Policy module permitted the request to the upstream service, `block` otherwise. |
| `${.ip_policy.matching_rule}` | The rule that triggered an IP Policy match on the endpoint.                                   |

> #### ngrok Variables {#ngrok-variables}

Reviewer 2: It seems like these variable sections are in alphabetical order except the ngrok variables have jumped ahead of Mutual TLS.

Author: fixed, ty.

@russorat unrelated low-priority item: it feels like these `.ngrok` scoped variables should be deprecated in favor of variables that already exist in other namespaces

`.ngrok.client_ip` -> `.conn.client_ip`
`.ngrok.request_id` -> `.http.request_id`

`.http.request_id` i think should become `.http.request.ngrok_id` as well to match the scoping of all of the other http request variables which are all nested under `.http.request`. right now `.request_id` is an outlier.

doing this migration should be easy. we should just be able to add these new paths and keep the old ones around but remove their public documentation

| `${.oauth.user.id}`       | The authenticated user's ID returned by the OAuth provider.                                   |
| `${.oauth.user.name}`     | The authenticated user's name returned by the OAuth provider.                                 |

#### OpenID Connect Variables {#openid-connect}

These variables are only populated when using the OpenID Connect module. These
variables are identical to the [OAuth Variables](#oauth).

|                           |                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `${.oauth.app_client_id}` | The is the ID of the OAuth application used to handle this request.                                    |

> | `${.oauth.decision}`      | 'allow' if the OpenID Connect module permitted the request to the upstream service, 'block' otherwise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${.oauth.decision}`      | `allow` if the OpenID Connect module permitted the request to the upstream service, `block` otherwise. |
```
